Wendy Wei Happy birthday Jordan!
Jordan Scales wendo! thank you thank you :) how's everything
Wendy Wei Haha no prob! Things are going well and summer is great! :D How are you doing?

Justin Dorsen hope you had a great bday!

Gary Foulks Nappy Birthday Jordan!!!

Ryan Puza Happy birthday!!!
Jordan Scales woo thank ya sir

Justine House Have a great birthday Jordan!!!

Mia Lee happy birthday jdan!
Jordan Scales gracias beaucoup (did I fuck that up?)

Toni Zuccaro Hovis Happy Birthday! I hope you had a great day.
Jordan Scales thanks aunt toni!

Chris Homsey happy birthday dawwwwg!

Mike Straub happy birthday
Jordan Scales haha thanks man, been a while - hope all is well

Anthonio Dawkins Happy Birthday

Jeffrey Michael Gutowski HAPPY BIRTHDAY YOU NON HIGHWAY DRIVING YOUNG MAN ;-)

Michael Lisman Happy birthday Jodan! Wishing you all the best! See you next week for a drink! Party hard tonigh! — at Amanyara.
Jordan Scales hahaha thanks mike

Rick Alexander Happy Birthday Jordan...Hope you had a super day
Jordan Scales thanks rick!

Erika Little happy birthday!

Erwan LeCun happy birthday ;)
Jordan Scales shut. up!

Katie Boyle Happy birthdayy

Ken Kretsch Happy birthday!
Jordan Scales thanks mr k hope all is well!

Ryan Phillips Happy Birthday Jordan! It's pretty cool how your age dynamically changes over time.
Jordan Scales god does some amazing things <333 see you soon dude!

Kevin Cuddihy shut up
Jordan Scales okay :(

Mike Wyatt Happy Birthday dude!
Jordan Scales thanks mike - nice website by the way, real nice! keep up the good work I'll see you around
Mike Wyatt Thanks... My sister in law's husband is building the site, i'll pass along the compliment. Have a great day..

Randy Thomas Happy Birthday!
Jordan Scales thanks mr. t hope all is well!

Bayindir Citak I don't usually write on people's walls on their birthdays., but when I do I don't wish them a happy birthday. Except with you. Happy Birthday
Jordan Scales He is... the most interesting Bayindir in the world

David Pfeffer Oh lol, and we talked like 20 times already today. Happy birthday!

Victoria Bonfiglio happy birthday!
Jordan Scales thanks vic :) in the city again this summer?
Victoria Bonfiglio haha i amm! everyday actually woo haha what about you?
Jordan Scales haha yep same ol' same ol'. I'm living in hoboken this summer so no more gross commute. But no more vic either :( enjoying yourself?

Chrissy Cariello Happy birthday Gaston
Jordan Scales jesus, was that like 8th grade? haha thanks chrissy! hope everythings swell in the cariello house

Ali Lawthers Happy Birthday!!
Jordan Scales thanks ali!

Stef Winters Happy birthday!!
Jordan Scales hahah glad to hear. hope your summer's going swell - except for the fat penis-head manager I've heard so much about recently ha.
Stef Winters Hahaha! That was probably the best description of that manager I've ever heard. It's going very well! I hope you're enjoying yours as well!

Chris Serenita Happy birthday :-D! Maybe lunch Monday?
Jordan Scales thanks man, and absolutely - just text me up.

Cait O'Malley happyy birthdaay!
Jordan Scales thanks cait :)

Tina Fidalgo jordan, bon anniv and happy, happy birthday!! enjoy your day :-)
Jordan Scales gracias - did I say that right? been a while since I used french ;). merci beaucoup! (I've actually been using duolingo.com recently to learn french again - it's awesome if you haven't heard of it). but thanks again, hope everything's well with you!

Karly Holcombe happy birthday jordan!!
Jordan Scales thanks kar! see you at the course this summer?
Karly Holcombe Living in Florida and taking classes all summerJordan Scales oh nice, hope it's going well!

Chelsea Roncace happy birthday jordan :)
Jordan Scales chels! how have you been? and thanks :)

David Eynisfeld Happy Birthday!

Kelly Krueger happyyy birthdayy fish boy!!
Jordan Scales hahaha been a while since I heard that one. thanks kel hope everything's good with you
Kelly Krueger Had to bring it out on the birthday. Hope all is well with you too!

Viv Marrero Happy Birthdayyy!

Ryan Tarantino happy birthday jordan
Jordan Scales gracias senor
Ryan Tarantino omg i am honored for a like and a response

Daniela Masucci happy birthday!
Jordan Scales daniela! how are you? thanks!!

Megan Foran Happy facebook official birthday yordie!!
Jordan Scales aw we're facebook official now? cute!

Sean Campbell happy birthday jordan
Jordan Scales thanks dude!

Kyle McKnight Happy Birthday!
Jordan Scales mr mcknight! what's up my dude. thanks!

Kerry Healy happy birthday
Jordan Scales thanks ker hope all is well

Devan Conroy happy birthday jordan!
Jordan Scales thanks dev we should geek out about python sometime
Devan Conroy deal!

Katie Ryan happy birthday!
Jordan Scales thank ya!

Kevin Kelly l-l /-\ !"" !"" '/ ~~ 13 1 |"2 7" l-l |] /-\ '/ ~~ _| [] |"2 |] /-\ /\/!!!
Jordan Scales I haven't spoken a lick of german in quite sometime. But I imagine this says happy birthday

Ethan Kirschner Happy Birthday jwoww
Jordan Scales awesome let's grab food sometime and make situational comedy about those around us
Ethan Kirschner sounds like a date lol. I'm free for lunch everyday during the week.

Emily Lynn Johnson Ahha! You're old now. ;) Happy Birthday Jordan! Only 5 months til I'm old like you are. Haha! Hope you have an awesome day! :) Love you.
Jordan Scales ‎!! you da domb. thanks em
Emily Lynn Johnson No problem Jordan. :)

Stephen Rowe haaAAAAAaapppy birthday
Jordan Scales you know it's great he's comes out and you can like ask him questions

Stephen Radio-Seven happy b day

Taylor McCabe happy birthday
Jordan Scales thank you sis. how's everything
Taylor McCabe good, bro. up in rochester for the summer. you?
Jordan Scales aw lame :( nothing much. actually in hoboken (middletown on the weekend) and working in manhattan. taking classes and such?

Jesse Leigh Happy Bday!

Sammy Hovis happy birthday jordan! :)
Jordan Scales thanks sammy!

Robb Scales Happy birthday little bro, heard about your night, better call Saul........
Jordan Scales I don't need a criminal lawyer. I need a criminal, lawyer.

Tara Salinas Scales Happy birthday Jordie!!!
Jordan Scales thanks! :D

David Sobiepan Happy Birthday Jordan!
Jordan Scales thank you mr huggins
David Sobiepan Remember to vote!

Russell Nadler Happy birthday Jordan!!! Kenny is going to do an entire vlog about you today!!
Kenny Goff Happy birthday, but no I'm not. Maybe.
Jordan Scales wow kenny ruined my birthday, classic. thanks russ

Samantha Borngesser Happy birthday! :)

Aymeric Laurent Hey, happy birthday!
Jordan Scales thanks :)

Kristen Sikora I dont have my phone on me or id text you but happy birthday jordyyy ♥
Jordan Scales aw thank you sweetheart. see you soon

Ucchishta Sivaguru Happy Birthday!
Jordan Scales thanks ucchi!

Salvatore Siragusa Happy birthday Jordan!
Jordan Scales thank you sir!

Dan McLaughlin Jordan! happy opening day of The Dark Knight Rises! that is all.
Dan McLaughlin and happy birthday...
Jordan Scales not to spoil the movie or anything, but when they revealed Bane was batman's father I lost it.

Maddie Graziano happy birthday jordan
Jordan Scales my dearest madeline - thank you. hit me up sometime I could've sworn you vanished

Matt Murawinski Happy birthday dude
Jordan Scales I entertain your friend? Who?
Matt Murawinski kevin cuddihy, i think you know him

Tony Carestia GLAD BIRTHDAY!!
Jordan Scales you know I'm glad (i'm glad) you know it. and the whole world has to answer right now, just to tell you once again - who's glad!

Jenny Nitzsche happy birthdayyyyyyy :)
Jordan Scales thankya jennay!

Megan Kessig happy birthday!!

Maggie McDonough Happy birthday :)
Jordan Scales thanks maggie! hope all is well

Justin Asfdasfdasfd happy day of spawning
Jordan Scales gross

Tom Tate Ermahgawd its your birthday!
Tom Tate ‎:|. Jealous
Jordan Scales I don't have cupcakes I was lying to seem cool

Victoria Sachs happy birthday!
Jordan Scales thank you thank you!

Matt Linden happy birthday
Jordan Scales gracias senor!

Michael Dougherty Happy Birthday Jordan!
Jordan Scales thank you my good sir!

Kerianne Caprara happy birthday!

Avalanché Ridings
I was doing some Driver programing so here is a happy birthday
#include <linux/init.h>
#include <linux/module.h>
#include <linux/kernel.h>
MODULE_LICENSE("Dual GPL");
static int hello_init(void) {
printk("Happy Birthday Jordan\n");
...See More
Jordan Scales yep. you win

Tommy Treacy happy birthday bro
Jordan Scales good, good, workin hard. hope college is treating you well. jealous of your campus (i have sidewalks and buildings and old roads ha)
Tommy Treacy thats good to hear man and yes it is , hahaha well you have a lot more bars to choose from when your 21

James Masco HAGS! See you next year!
Jordan Scales ‎#YOLO

Froncis McCarmick happy birthday
Jordan Scales birthdays are like wheelbarrows

Chris Scales happy birthday!
Jordan Scales thanks my dudeee

Casey Picardo Happy Birthday Jordan!!
Jordan Scales thank you case :) hope all is well. I take it my cupcakes are in the mail already?